Add some Team Broker developement docs (#4799)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/contribute/team-broker.md

---
navTitle: Team Broker
meta:
  description: How to set up a local instance of EMQX to work with a FlowFuse Development
  tags:
    - flowfuse
    - development
    - contributing
---

# Team Broker configuration

> The FlowFuse Team Broker makes use of a EMQX instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FlowFuse Team Broker makes use of an EMQX instance.
```

## Requirement

 - Docker

## Configuration files

> The following 3 files should be placed in a directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a directory where the configuration for your broker will live. Create the following three files, with their respective content, in that directory:
```
